gus.buptnet.edu.cn                bupt.edu.cn
dns.cufe.edu.cn                   cufe.edu.cn
dns.bjmu.edu.cn                   bjmu.edu.cn
ring.cugb.edu.cn                  cugb.edu.cn
dns.cnu.edu.cn                    cnu.edu.cn
water.uibe.edu.cn                 uibe.edu.cn
ns2.ruc.edu.cn                    ruc.edu.cn
ss2.bjfu.edu.cn                   bjfu.edu.cn
kd1.cumtb.edu.cn                  cumtb.edu.cn
DNS.blcu.edu.cn                   blcu.edu.cn
ns2.buct.edu.cn                   buct.edu.cn
ns.buct.edu.cn                    buct.edu.cn
bkdns.bucm.edu.cn                 bucm.edu.cn
OUT.bucm.edu.cn                   bucm.edu.cn
nsb.cau.edu.cn                    cau.edu.cn
ns2.cau.edu.cn                    cau.edu.cn
dns.bsu.edu.cn                    bsu.edu.cn
newdns1.ccom.edu.cn               ccom.edu.cn
newdns2.ccom.edu.cn               ccom.edu.cn
ns1.bfa.edu.cn                    bfa.edu.cn
dns.bigc.edu.cn                   bigc.edu.cn
dns1.bua.edu.cn                   bac.edu.cn
ns.besti.edu.cn                   besti.edu.cn
dns.bisu.edu.cn                   bisu.edu.cn
dns2.bisu.edu.cn                  bisu.edu.cn
dns3.pumc.edu.cn                  pumc.edu.cn
dns.tjnu.edu.cn                   tjnu.edu.cn
dns1.bcu.edu.cn                   bcu.edu.cn
dns.tijmu.edu.cn                  tijmu.edu.cn
dns.tjcu.edu.cn                   tjcu.edu.cn
dns.tjufe.edu.cn                  tjufe.edu.cn
dns1.tjufe.edu.cn                 tjufe.edu.cn
dns1.tjut.edu.cn                  tjut.edu.cn
dns.tjut.edu.cn                   tjut.edu.cn
pridns.tjutcm.edu.cn              tjutcm.edu.cn
dns.tjtc.edu.cn                   tjtc.edu.cn
dns1.boustead.edu.cn              boustead.edu.cn
dns.tjfsu.edu.cn                  tjfsu.edu.cn
nm2.hbu.edu.cn                    hbu.edu.cn
ns.hebtu.edu.cn                   hebtu.edu.cn
nm.hbu.cn                         hbu.edu.cn
nm2.hbu.cn                        hbu.edu.cn
ysudns2.ysu.edu.cn                ysu.edu.cn
dnst.hebust.edu.cn                hebust.edu.cn
nm.hbu.edu.cn                     hbu.edu.cn
dns.hebust.edu.cn                 hebust.edu.cn
dnsserverbak.hebeinu.edu.cn       hebeinu.edu.cn
dns.ncmc.edu.cn                   ncmc.edu.cn
DNS.helc.edu.cn                   helc.edu.cn
ns.pvtc.edu.cn                    pvtc.edu.cn
green.sjzpc.edu.cn                sjzpc.edu.cn
ns.sjzpc.edu.cn                   sjzpc.edu.cn
ns.hepec.edu.cn                   hepec.edu.cn
dns.neuq.edu.cn                   neuq.edu.cn
dns2.tstc.edu.cn                  tstc.edu.cn
dns1.lfsfxy.edu.cn                lfsfxy.edu.cn
dns3.tstc.edu.cn                  tstc.edu.cn
dns1.tstc.edu.cn                  tstc.edu.cn
dns.hdvtc.edu.cn                  hdvtc.edu.cn
dns2.heuet.edu.cn                 heuet.edu.cn
dns1.hbcf.edu.cn                  hbcf.edu.cn
dns.heuet.edu.cn                  heuet.edu.cn
dns1.hebnetu.edu.cn               hebnetu.edu.cn
dns1.cicp.edu.cn                  cicp.edu.cn
dns2.hbgz.edu.cn                  hbgz.edu.cn
ns.hbgy.edu.cn                    hbgy.edu.cn
venus.tyut.edu.cn                 tyut.edu.cn
tyutsvr.tyut.edu.cn               tyut.edu.cn
dns2.tit.edu.cn                   tit.edu.cn
dns3.tit.edu.cn                   tit.edu.cn
dns1.sirt.edu.cn                  sirt.edu.cn
dns2.sxjztc.edu.cn                sxjztc.edu.cn
dydns.vtep.edu.cn                 vtep.edu.cn
dns.tynu.edu.cn                   tynu.edu.cn
ns0.imut.edu.cn                   imut.edu.cn
nmg1.imu.edu.cn                   imu.edu.cn
dns2.imfec.edu.cn                 imfec.edu.cn
ns1.imut.edu.cn                   imut.edu.cn
dns.immc.edu.cn                   immc.edu.cn
dns1.bttc.edu.cn                  bttc.edu.cn
dns2.imaa.edu.cn                  imaa.edu.cn
mgzd.imnc.edu.cn                  imnc.edu.cn
dns.dufe.edu.cn                   dufe.edu.cn
ULTRA1.lntu.edu.cn                lntu.edu.cn
ns2.dlmu.edu.cn                   dlmu.edu.cn
ns1.dlmu.edu.cn                   dlmu.edu.cn
ns1.dlu.edu.cn                    dlu.edu.cn
dns.dlfu.edu.cn                   dlfu.edu.cn
dns.dlmedu.edu.cn                 dlmedu.edu.cn
as.sjzu.edu.cn                    sjzu.edu.cn
dns.dlvtc.edu.cn                  dlvtc.edu.cn
dns.lumei.edu.cn                  lumei.edu.cn
ns.lnmu.edu.cn                    lnmu.edu.cn
bamboo.dlrtvu.edu.cn              dlrtvu.edu.cn
ns1.symc.edu.cn                   symc.edu.cn
ns.lnutcm.edu.cn                  lnutcm.edu.cn
dns1.jlict.edu.cn                 jlict.edu.cn
dns.ccit.edu.cn                   ccit.edu.cn
dns1.neiep.edu.cn                 neiep.edu.cn
ns.ccut.edu.cn                    ccut.edu.cn
nbdns.jluhp.edu.cn                jluhp.edu.cn
dns1.thnu.edu.cn                  thnu.edu.cn
NS2.nefu.edu.cn                   nefu.edu.cn
dns.hrbeu.edu.cn                  hrbeu.edu.cn
bnu.hrbnu.edu.cn                  hrbnu.edu.cn
ybus2.ybu.edu.cn                  ybu.edu.cn
dns2.dqpi.edu.cn                  dqpi.edu.cn
NJUST0.njust.edu.cn               njust.edu.cn
dns.sytu.edu.cn                   sytu.edu.cn
dns1.sytu.edu.cn                  sytu.edu.cn
dns.njupt.edu.cn                  njupt.edu.cn
cims1.yzu.edu.cn                  yzu.edu.cn
dns6.jsust.edu.cn                 jsust.edu.cn
nc.njust.edu.cn                   njust.edu.cn
dns1.njit.edu.cn                  njit.edu.cn
dns2.njit.edu.cn                  njit.edu.cn
DNS.njfu.edu.cn                   njfu.edu.cn
ybus3.ybu.edu.cn                  ybu.edu.cn
ns5.nefu.edu.cn                   nefu.edu.cn
ns6.nefu.edu.cn                   nefu.edu.cn
dns2.nau.edu.cn                   nau.edu.cn
dns.just.edu.cn                   just.edu.cn
dns.njmu.edu.cn                   njmu.edu.cn
hh1.hhit.edu.cn                   hhit.edu.cn
dns2.hyit.edu.cn                  hyit.edu.cn
dns.hyit.edu.cn                   hyit.edu.cn
sfa.hytc.edu.cn                   hytc.edu.cn
sfb.hytc.edu.cn                   hytc.edu.cn
dns2.jstu.edu.cn                  jstu.edu.cn
dns1.jstu.edu.cn                  jstu.edu.cn
dns2.xjtlu.edu.cn                 xjtlu.edu.cn
xjy1.xzcat.edu.cn                 xzcat.edu.cn
njhy1.njcc.edu.cn                 njcc.edu.cn
dns2.jpu.edu.cn                   jpu.edu.cn
dns1.xit.edu.cn                   xit.edu.cn
z.nttec.edu.cn                    nttec.edu.cn
dns1.njty.edu.cn                  njty.edu.cn
dns2.ytc.edu.cn                   ytc.edu.cn
dns1.ytc.edu.cn                   ytc.edu.cn
sz2.ustcsz.edu.cn                 ustcsz.edu.cn
dns2.szhct.edu.cn                 szhct.edu.cn
jdxx.niit.edu.cn                  niit.edu.cn
jdxy.niit.edu.cn                  niit.edu.cn
dns1.njxzc.edu.cn                 njxzc.edu.cn
dns1.lygtc.edu.cn                 lygtc.edu.cn
dns.ahut.edu.cn                   ahut.edu.cn
dns1.ahut.edu.cn                  ahut.edu.cn
hh.aust.edu.cn                    aust.edu.cn
pri.eei.edu.cn                    eei.edu.cn
dns1.czili.edu.cn                 czili.edu.cn
chnu1.chnu.edu.cn                 hbcnc.edu.cn
ns1.czie.edu.cn                   czie.edu.cn
hnds1.hnnu.edu.cn                 hnnu.edu.cn
dns1.chu.edu.cn                   chtc.edu.cn
dns2.ahpu.edu.cn                  ahpu.edu.cn
dns1.ahpu.edu.cn                  ahpu.edu.cn
aemisrv4.ahsa.edu.cn              ahsa.edu.cn
dns1.hhuwtian.edu.cn              hhuwtian.edu.cn
dns1.xcvtc.edu.cn                 xcvtc.edu.cn
chnu1.chnu.edu.cn                 hbcnc.edu.cn
fysy1.fync.edu.cn                 fync.edu.cn
sdma.sdust.edu.cn                 sdust.edu.cn
sdau1.sdau.edu.cn                 sdau.edu.cn
netra150.sdutcm.edu.cn            sdutcm.edu.cn
dns.ytu.edu.cn                    ytu.edu.cn
dns3.upc.edu.cn                   hdpu.edu.cn
dns2.upc.edu.cn                   hdpu.edu.cn
dns.ccec.edu.cn                   ccec.edu.cn
dns1.qau.edu.cn                   qau.edu.cn
dns2.qau.edu.cn                   qau.edu.cn
server.qust.edu.cn                qdict.edu.cn
pdom.ldu.edu.cn                   ldu.edu.cn
taishan.tsmc.edu.cn               tsmc.edu.cn
tsweb.tsmc.edu.cn                 tsmc.edu.cn
car.lcu.edu.cn                    lcu.edu.cn
dns.lcu.edu.cn                    lcu.edu.cn
sbs.bztc.edu.cn                   bztc.edu.cn
sfh.bztc.edu.cn                   bztc.edu.cn
sun.dzu.edu.cn                    dzu.edu.cn
dns2.bzmc.edu.cn                  bzmc.edu.cn
dns1.jnmc.edu.cn                  jnmc.edu.cn
dns1.sdngy.edu.cn                 sdngy.edu.cn
dns2.jnxy.edu.cn                  jnxy.edu.cn
uzzdns.uzz.edu.cn                 uzz.edu.cn
SUN.sdpc.edu.cn                   sdpc.edu.cn
dns2.hitwh.edu.cn                 hitwh.edu.cn
dns2.sufe.edu.cn                  sufe.edu.cn
dns1.sufe.edu.cn                  sufe.edu.cn
sunshine.dhu.edu.cn               dhu.edu.cn
liwa.ecnu.edu.cn                  ecnu.edu.cn
dns1.shnu.edu.cn                  shnu.edu.cn
dns1.nanshan.edu.cn               nanshan.edu.cn
ns1.sues.edu.cn                   sues.edu.cn
dns1.shsmu.edu.cn                 shsmu.edu.cn
dns2.shsmu.edu.cn                 shsmu.edu.cn
cmnet.shspu.edu.cn                shspu.edu.cn
dns2.usst.edu.cn                  usst.edu.cn
dns1.usst.edu.cn                  usst.edu.cn
ns2.shmtu.edu.cn                  shmtu.edu.cn
sns.shmu.edu.cn                   shmu.edu.cn
orient.shmtu.edu.cn               shmtu.edu.cn
legend.shiep.edu.cn               shiep.edu.cn
rdns.ecupl.edu.cn                 ecupl.edu.cn
dns.ecupl.edu.cn                  ecupl.edu.cn
dns.semc.edu.cn                   semc.edu.cn
dns.hzmc.edu.cn                   hzmc.edu.cn
dns1.shfc.edu.cn                  shfc.edu.cn
dns.shfc.edu.cn                   shfc.edu.cn
dns2.shupl.edu.cn                 shupl.edu.cn
dns1.shupl.edu.cn                 shupl.edu.cn
sdns1.sandau.edu.cn               sandau.edu.cn
dns.sdju.edu.cn                   sdju.edu.cn
summer.shift.edu.cn               shift.edu.cn
spring.shift.edu.cn               shift.edu.cn
dns.esu.edu.cn                    esu.edu.cn
shcc.edu.cn                       shcc.edu.cn
sun150.hzic.edu.cn                hzic.edu.cn
dns1.nbu.edu.cn                   nbu.edu.cn
center.nbu.edu.cn                 nbu.edu.cn
nst.cjlu.edu.cn                   cjlu.edu.cn
backup.zjut.edu.cn                zjut.edu.cn
dns2.hznu.edu.cn                  hznu.edu.cn
dns1.hznu.edu.cn                  hznu.edu.cn
DNS3.nbu.edu.cn                   nbu.edu.cn
dns2.nbu.edu.cn                   nbu.edu.cn
dns2.lsu.edu.cn                   lsu.edu.cn
dns1.lsu.edu.cn                   lsu.edu.cn
dns1.sicfl.edu.cn                 sicfl.edu.cn
dns.jxvtc.edu.cn                  jxvtc.edu.cn
dns.hzrtvu.edu.cn                 hzaspt.edu.cn
ns1.zwu.edu.cn                    zwu.edu.cn
ns2.zwu.edu.cn                    zwu.edu.cn
dns1.zjicm.edu.cn                 zjicm.edu.cn
forcol2.zafu.edu.cn               zafu.edu.cn
forcol.zafu.edu.cn                zafu.edu.cn
nmc.zjnu.edu.cn                   zjnu.edu.cn
DNS1.zjsru.edu.cn                 zjsru.edu.cn
dns1.zjslc.edu.cn                 zjslc.edu.cn
ns2.zust.edu.cn                   zust.edu.cn
dns1.zjtie.edu.cn                 zjtie.edu.cn
dns2.zjiet.edu.cn                 zjiet.edu.cn
dns1.zjiet.edu.cn                 zjiet.edu.cn
dns2.hzvtc.edu.cn                 hzvtc.edu.cn
dns3.hzvtc.edu.cn                 hzvtc.edu.cn
dns.zmc.edu.cn                    zmc.edu.cn
dns2.usx.edu.cn                   usx.edu.cn
dns.zucc.edu.cn                   zucc.edu.cn
oar.jxau.edu.cn                   jxau.edu.cn
dns.jxau.edu.cn                   jxau.edu.cn
dns2.nit.edu.cn                   nit.edu.cn
dns1.nit.edu.cn                   nit.edu.cn
dns.jgsu.edu.cn                   jgsu.edu.cn
fjmunet.fjmu.edu.cn               fjmu.edu.cn
dns2.jhc.edu.cn                   jhc.edu.cn
dns.qztc.edu.cn                   qztc.edu.cn
dns2.fjut.edu.cn                  fjut.edu.cn
dns1.fjut.edu.cn                  fjut.edu.cn
dns1.mju.edu.cn                   mju.edu.cn
e3000.fjau.edu.cn                 fjau.edu.cn
dns1.xit.edu.cn                   xit.edu.cn
dns.hubu.edu.cn                   hubu.edu.cn
dns.jhun.edu.cn                   jhun.edu.cn
dns.ctgu.edu.cn                   ctgu.edu.cn
dns2.hbpu.edu.cn                  hbpu.edu.cn
dns.hbpu.edu.cn                   hbpu.edu.cn
dns2.hustwb.edu.cn                hustwb.edu.cn
dns3.yangtzeu.edu.cn              yangtzeu.edu.cn
dns.hustwb.edu.cn                 hustwb.edu.cn
dns.yangtzeu.edu.cn               yangtzeu.edu.cn
dns2.yangtzeu.edu.cn              yangtzeu.edu.cn
dns.huat.edu.cn                   huat.edu.cn
dns.hifa.edu.cn                   hifa.edu.cn
dns2.hubce.edu.cn                 hue.edu.cn
dns.hubce.edu.cn                  hue.edu.cn
dns2.hifa.edu.cn                  hifa.edu.cn
pdns.xtu.edu.cn                   xtu.edu.cn
dns.hncc.edu.cn                   hncc.edu.cn
dns.hnie.edu.cn                   hnie.edu.cn
dns.hnust.edu.cn                  hnust.edu.cn
dns.csust.edu.cn                  csust.edu.cn
dns2.csust.edu.cn                 csust.edu.cn
dns2.hbue.edu.cn                  hbue.edu.cn
dns.hnfnu.edu.cn                  hnfnu.edu.cn
dns.hnpu.edu.cn                   hnpu.edu.cn
dns.hnctcm.edu.cn                 hnctcm.edu.cn
DNS.plaieu.edu.cn                 plaieu.edu.cn
dns.htu.edu.cn                    henannu.edu.cn
dns2.htu.edu.cn                   henannu.edu.cn
dns.henu.edu.cn                   henu.edu.cn
dns2.henu.edu.cn                  henu.edu.cn
cpqpl1500.henau.edu.cn            henau.edu.cn
dns.haust.edu.cn                  haust.edu.cn
dns.haut.edu.cn                   haut.edu.cn
server.haut.edu.cn                haut.edu.cn
dns2.hncj.edu.cn                  hncj.edu.cn
dns.jzu.edu.cn                    jzu.edu.cn
hhstu.hhstu.edu.cn                hhstu.edu.cn
dns.huel.edu.cn                   huel.edu.cn
dns2.haue.edu.cn                  haue.edu.cn
dns.hneeu.edu.cn                  hneeu.edu.cn
dns.hncj.edu.cn                   hncj.edu.cn
dns2.ncwu.edu.cn                  ncwu.edu.cn
dns.pdsu.edu.cn                   pdsu.edu.cn
dns.pzxy.edu.cn                   pzxy.edu.cn
dns2.pdsu.edu.cn                  pdsu.edu.cn
dns.xytc.edu.cn                   xytc.edu.cn
dns.zknu.edu.cn                   zknu.edu.cn
dns.xxmu.edu.cn                   xxmu.edu.cn
dns2.xcu.edu.cn                   xcu.edu.cn
dns2.lynu.edu.cn                  lynu.edu.cn
dns.sqnc.edu.cn                   sqnc.edu.cn
DNS2.nyist.edu.cn                 nyist.edu.cn
dns.nyist.edu.cn                  nyist.edu.cn
DNS1.xxu.edu.cn                   xxu.edu.cn
dns.xyac.edu.cn                   xyac.edu.cn
dns.sqyx.edu.cn                   sqyx.edu.cn
dns.hist.edu.cn                   hist.edu.cn
dns2.sqyx.edu.cn                  sqyx.edu.cn
dns.sqyx.edu.cn                   sqyx.edu.cn
dns2.sqyx.edu.cn                  sqyx.edu.cn
SUN20.zzti.edu.cn                 zzti.edu.cn
dns.sqmc.edu.cn                   sqmc.edu.cn
dns.lhmc.edu.cn                   lhmc.edu.cn
dns.hncc.edu.cn                   hncc.edu.cn
sunsvr.gdrtvu.edu.cn              gdrtvu.edu.cn
dns1.gdou.edu.cn                  gdou.edu.cn
proxy.jyu.edu.cn                  jyu.edu.cn
dns.gdcc.edu.cn                   gdcc.edu.cn
public.gdpa.edu.cn                gdpa.edu.cn
lychee.dgut.edu.cn                dgut.edu.cn
mango.dgut.edu.cn                 dgut.edu.cn
dns.gduf.edu.cn                   gduf.edu.cn
dns2.nhic.edu.cn                  nhic.edu.cn
dns.nhic.edu.cn                   nhic.edu.cn
dns2.gcp.edu.cn                   gcp.edu.cn
dns1.gcp.edu.cn                   gcp.edu.cn
dns1.lnc.edu.cn                   lnc.edu.cn
dns2.lnc.edu.cn                   lnc.edu.cn
star.glite.edu.cn                 glite.edu.cn
jupiter.glcat.edu.cn              glcat.edu.cn
alpha2.glnc.edu.cn                glnc.edu.cn
alpha1.glnc.edu.cn                glnc.edu.cn
dns1.gxqzu.edu.cn                 gxqzu.edu.cn
dns.hainu.edu.cn                  hainu.edu.cn
dns1.hkc.edu.cn                   hkc.edu.cn
dns1.ctbu.edu.cn                  ctbu.edu.cn
dns2.sicnu.edu.cn                 sicnu.edu.cn
secdns.scu.edu.cn                 scu.edu.cn
dns1.swust.edu.cn                 swust.edu.cn
cdnet52.uestc.edu.cn              uestc.edu.cn
DNS.uestc.edu.cn                  uestc.edu.cn
SECDNS.swjtu.edu.cn               swjtu.edu.cn
ns.nsmc.edu.cn                    nsmc.edu.cn
dns.njtc.edu.cn                   njtc.edu.cn
DNS.shic.edu.cn                   shic.edu.cn
dns1.xcc.edu.cn                   xcc.edu.cn
dns2.scetc.edu.cn                 scetc.edu.cn
lt.glnc.edu.cn                    glnc.edu.cn
dns1.lzy.edu.cn                   lzy.edu.cn
dns.zmc.edu.cn                    zmc.edu.cn
dns.sgmtu.edu.cn                  sgmtu.edu.cn
king.ynni.edu.cn                  ynni.edu.cn
DNS.kmu.edu.cn                    kmu.edu.cn
DNS2.kmu.edu.cn                   kmu.edu.cn
ns2.xidian.edu.cn                 xidian.edu.cn
ns1.xidian.edu.cn                 xidian.edu.cn
ntserver1.xauat.edu.cn            xauat.edu.cn
dns.nwpu.edu.cn                   nwpu.edu.cn
dns1.swfc.edu.cn                  swfc.edu.cn
ncs2.nwsuaf.edu.cn                nwsuaf.edu.cn
ncs1.nwsuaf.edu.cn                nwsuaf.edu.cn
nwu01.nwu.edu.cn                  nwu.edu.cn
dns.xapi.edu.cn                   xapi.edu.cn
dns1.xasyu.edu.cn                 xasyu.edu.cn
dns1.snie.cn                      snie.edu.cn
dns2.xasyu.edu.cn                 xasyu.edu.cn
dns1.snie.edu.cn                  snie.edu.cn
dns1.snsy.edu.cn                  snie.edu.cn
dns1.sntcm.edu.cn                 sntcm.edu.cn
dns.lut.cn                        lut.edu.cn
mysun2.xbmu.edu.cn                xbmu.edu.cn
tdns.hxu.edu.cn                   hxu.edu.cn
tspns.tsnc.edu.cn                 tsnc.edu.cn
mysun2.xbmu.edu.cn                xbmu.edu.cn
dns.nxu.edu.cn                    nxu.edu.cn
nxu.edu.cn                        nxu.edu.cn
newdns.nxgs.edu.cn                nxgs.edu.cn
dns.qhmu.edu.cn                   qhmu.edu.cn
dns2.qhrtvu.edu.cn                qhrtvu.edu.cn
dns.qhu.edu.cn                    qhu.edu.cn
dns1.qhmc.edu.cn                  qhmc.edu.cn
dns.qhrtvu.edu.cn                 qhrtvu.edu.cn
dns.xjmu.edu.cn                   xjmu.edu.cn
dns.uvu.edu.cn                    uvu.edu.cn
sync.kstc.edu.cn                  kstc.edu.cn
chuhai.edu.hk                     chuhai.edu.hk
ns3.chuhai.hk                     chuhai.edu.hk
ntserver1.ift.edu.mo              ift.edu.mo
ipmsun2.ipm.edu.mo                ipm.edu.mo
ns2.must.edu.mo                   must.edu.mo
nknu.nknu.edu.tw                  nknu.edu.tw
ns2.ntnu.edu.tw                   ntnu.edu.tw
ns2.nctu.edu.tw                   nctu.edu.tw
